{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf480
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 Monaco;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16440\viewh15620\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
-------------------------------------------\

\f1\b Purpose:
\f0\b0 \
\
This document contains helpful information about the Matlab functions and data intended to implement the methods described in [1]. \
\
\
-------------------------------------------\

\f1\b Description of files:\

\f0\b0 \
The folder containing this document is intended to also contain the following:\
\

\f1\b I)
\f0\b0  A folder named 'Functions' containing four Matlab functions, each bearing the suffix '.m'\

\f1\b II) 
\f0\b0 A Matlab data file named 'Puzzle_Data.mat'\
\
-------------------\
\

\f1\b I) 
\f0\b0 Descriptions of the inputs and outputs of each function appear at the top of the corresponding source file. The four functions are:\
\
(1) Solve_Puzzle.m\
\
This function exists primarily to facilitate the use of function (2), which it calls. It includes a graphic user interface for inputting the parameters described in [1]. \
\
(2) Assemble.m\
\
This function is designed to solve a puzzle (of the form obtained from the file 'Puzzle_Data.mat') using the algorithm described in [1]. As part of this process, it calls functions (3) and (4).\
\
(3) Lock.m\
\
This function applies the locking algorithm described in [1]. \
\
(4) Euclidean_Signature.m\
\
This function computes the Euclidean signature of an input curve. The final paragraph of Sect. 1 of [2] indicates where details on derivations of numerical methods for doing so can be found.\
\
-------------------\
\

\f1\b II)
\f0\b0  'Puzzle_Data.mat' is a Matlab data file as indicated by the extension '.mat'. It contains data discretely representing the smoothed boundaries of the pieces of the jigsaw puzzles the Baffler Nonagon, [4], and the Rain Forest Giant Floor Puzzle, [3], as well as a portion of the Cathedral, [5], puzzles which were considered with results as quoted in [1]. \
\
\
-------------------------------------------\

\f1\b An Example Implementation of this Code and Data:
\f0\b0 \
\
Steps:\
\
1) Open an appropriate version of Matlab\
2) Load the data file 'Puzzle_Data.mat' \
3) Make sure that functions (1)-(4) above are in the Matlab search path\
4) Enter the command: 
\f2\fs20 \CocoaLigature0 [pieces placements tracker time] = Solve_Puzzle(baffler, 2)
\f0\fs24 \CocoaLigature1 ;\
5) Adjust the parameters with the graphic user interface, if desired\
6) Click the 'Solve Puzzle' button\
\
The outputs 'pieces', 'placements', 'tracker', and 'time' will be as described in the code file 'Solve_Puzzle.m'\
\
\
-------------------------------------------\

\f1\b References:
\f0\b0 \
\
1. Hoff, D., Olver, P.J.: Automatic Solution of Jigsaw Puzzles, J. Math. Imaging Vis., Online First(TM), August 2013, DOI 10.1007/s10851-013-0454-3.\
2. Hoff, D., Olver, P.J.: Extensions of Invariant Signatures for Object Recognition. J. Math. Imaging Vis. 45(2), pg. 176-185, 2013.\
3. The Rain Forest Giant Floor Puzzle, Frank Schaffer Publications, Inc., Torrance, CA, 1992. \
\pard\tx480\tx960\tx1440\tx1920\tx2400\tx2880\tx3360\tx3840\tx4320\tx4800\tx5280\tx5760\tx6240\tx6720\tx7200\tx7680\tx8160\tx8640\tx9120\tx9600\tx10080\tx10560\tx11040\tx11520\tx12000\tx12480\tx12960\tx13440\tx13920\tx14400\tx14880\tx15360\tx15840\tx16320\tx16800\tx17280\tx17760\tx18240\tx18720\tx19200\tx19680\tx20160\tx20640\tx21120\tx21600\tx22080\tx22560\tx23040\tx23520\tx24000\tx24480\tx24960\tx25440\tx25920\tx26400\tx26880\tx27360\tx27840\tx28320\tx28800\tx29280\tx29760\tx30240\tx30720\tx31200\tx31680\tx32160\tx32640\tx33120\tx33600\tx34080\tx34560\tx35040\tx35520\tx36000\tx36480\tx36960\tx37440\tx37920\tx38400\tx38880\tx39360\tx39840\tx40320\tx40800\tx41280\tx41760\tx42240\tx42720\tx43200\tx43680\tx44160\tx44640\tx45120\tx45600\tx46080\tx46560\tx47040\tx47520\tx48000\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 4. Yates, C., The Baffler: the nonagon, Ceaco, Newton, MA, 2010.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 5. Wesley, R., Cathedral, product #51015. SunsOut, Inc., Costa Mesa.\
\
\
}